fix(readme): add instructions to run unit and e2e tests (#82)
canonical/anbox-streaming-sdk: README.md

* [Out of Band](examples/android/out_of_band_v2) - An Android example demonstrating the usage of [out of band data](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/howto/stream/exchange-oob-data/#oob-v2) feature which exchanges data between the Android application running in the Anbox container and a streaming client.
* [JavaScript-based Streaming Example](examples/js) - A web application utilizes the JS SDK for video streaming.

## Testing

All tests (unit tests with [Jest](https://jestjs.io) and end-to-end tests with [Playwright](https://playwright.dev)) run inside a docker container, so docker must be installed.

- Unit tests are located in `js/tests/unit`.
- End-to-end tests are located in `js/tests/e2e`.

> Both these folders contain a `run-tests.sh` script. You just need to run this script to start the tests. However, to run end-to-end tests you need also an Anbox Cloud back-end. The easiest way to set up one is by using the [Anbox Cloud Appliance](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/installing-appliance/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both these folders contain a `run-tests.sh` script that you can run to start the tests. However, to run end-to-end tests, you also need an Anbox Cloud deployment. The easiest way to set up one is by using the [Anbox Cloud Appliance](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/anbox-cloud/en/latest/tutorial/installing-appliance/).
```

> Once the back-end is ready, follow these steps to run the end-to-end tests:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the appliance is ready, follow these steps to run the end-to-end tests:
```
